Displacy serve entity linking support without `manual=True` support. (#9748)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/top-level.md

[`spacy_displacy_colors` entry point](/usage/saving-loading#entry-points-displacy)
to add custom labels and their colors automatically.

By default, displaCy links to `#` for entities without a `kb_id` set on their span. 
If you wish to link an entity to their URL then consider using the `kb_url_template`

> option from above. For e.g. If the `kb_id` on a span is `Q95` and this is a Wikidata 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option from above. For example if the `kb_id` on a span is `Q95` and this is a Wikidata 
```

identifier then this option can be set to `https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/{}`.
Clicking on your entity in the rendered HTML should redirect you to their Wikidata page,

> in this case `https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q95`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this case `https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Q95`.
```
